as in the facetime flora and fauna
we see as the goat and its averages
the average goats were watching the
direct photos of a minus that was
up here doing cosplays this is
incredible is a phenomenon of thick pain
that we see in any event and in
any caliph and I include I do not
I would be looking at it
Let's see if we catch and place a
last word
in the best angle but dedicated
specialty has to run out the
our camera's battery because we noticed
that many of those who are now watching
could give us her name claudia very
Claudio really likes his character
nightwing nightwing of what series and the
I play something so nice to meet you
really great please a turn
doing for the camera for the people
who is in the house
a woman very happy
to add a word was
aware of the people who were already
below zero
thank you
so it's nice to do the things you are
bodyguard of the truth so is
tell us the man by 037 037 a vote the
same series the same as batman in the
street beast much like google this gives
scary bastard
It will not kill me because of this
leaving the battery because as is so
thank you very much we leave the note until
here